two three go hello I'm Hannah Serrano
i'm here with tossed erick at taj orgs
bistro we are about to witness the
creation of a seared foie gras under
glass which is going to be one of the
featured appetizers here at base camp
during next week's downtown norfolk
restaurant week that's january twenty
third through 29th so without further
ado we are going to get them started so
you want to tell us a little bit about
the dish great Anna um yeah this is a
fun dish we're doing seared foie gras
from Hudson Valley and what we have here
is it's about a two and a half I'll
proportion I'm pretty sizable chunk yeah
what we do is and that's more for
aesthetic well and it also actually
aesthetics and it helps to cook a little
bit a little bit of sea salt and ground
pepper we then we have a hot skillet
over here simply um thanks down if you
can state there's so much matt pond that
its ears very quickly yeah that's
getting all were doing that we also
serve it with a sport a also called a
johnnycake oh I think all the driving
games well because it's this next one
and I it's just a point phrase I think
from fuel valve okay I like that
like little silver dollars just a little
garden good I could keep a good table oh
baby maybe the missus and you know you
can make it more because ride while
they're all cooking we go ahead and
finish birthday and kind of facing a
little bit you want to give it nice
little crust on the side but we're not
really turning it quite yet but you can
see I already did in trusting somebody
look that over and that's just about
perfect there we keep facing it like
that it cooks very quickly it's like
almost cooking butter yeah follow about
this fresh doctors hot in the middle of
the so we started it in the heat we're
going to Val dear electronic picture
cooking it and that's just going to
finish off here don t take you to go to
very good is it happening faster
happening very fast as well and drink
service are hot appetizer guy which a
lot of times Jesse McNally he's up he's
over here do it all good things very
easy like that okay Oh beautiful little
like little can cater waiter just about
dr. bag boy what we're doing
growing to serving under glass with
smoke just as we launch the plate with a
little bit of our our spring which is
just
from brothers farm in Elizabeth City Oh
quite a lot of greens would get locally
and if you're not familiar with Todd reg
bistro burger bar they're very well
known for putting local organic farm so
great example of that pole is what we
can and check out what's happening over
here we're doing a little lob smoke
Jesse what kind of what are we using and
cheering cherish good night with the
cherry police and basically you know
it's a sort of a smoker while he's doing
that we're going to take your clothes
off which is just see her perfectly cut
of this view on the levis
Johnny K
it's a little company when they are
and very nice Armagnac cherry sours one
chair your karma gap which is kind of
complete to see me God we like to
encourage particularly with our software
it's just sweetness of the cord relative
value really katsidis beautiful doing an
early we go like this and voila and say
you have a little smudge so it's
actually although the foie gras is not
smoke it's getting that smoke and then
when we serve it at the table which
we're going to do later we presented and
they get pulse all senses get the smell
the visual taste and you all were
definitely here with your eyes and open
part what we call this bomani which is
always six senses
and so you're getting all as well as
smell taste
showers
beautiful I'm more drama imagine getting
the best in front of you next week it's
just gorgeous and unfortunately yes
smell how incredible it smells in here
but it really I mean it's quite
beautiful so to learn more about this
particular restaurant todrick's full
menu and when he'll be offering next
week go to Todd direct beach go.com and
also Todd and as well as well as a a ton
of other downtown yes celebrity chef
have contributed recipes to downtown
Norfolk Smoot downtown delectable online
cookbook which is free so check that out
at dawn downtown Norfolk gorg along with
all the information about restaurant
please january twenty thirty twenty
ninth be sure to support that and come
by bistro to typist and
this